---
layout: post
title: "neRF"
category: research
---

so recently, I was assigned this new project using a new 3D visualization technique called neRF.

### what is it? 

first, it stands for NEural Radiance Fields (neRF).

for a short summary,

- Scene Representation: NeRF is a novel approach for representing 3D scenes. It represents a scene as a continuous 3D function, which means that for
any point in 3D space, you can query this function to get information about the scene's color (radiance) and depth at that point.

- Neural Network Model: To represent this continuous 3D function, NeRF uses a neural network. This neural network is trained to take as input the 3D
coordinates of a point in space and the corresponding 2D image observations (color and depth) from different camera viewpoints.

- Learning from 2D Images: During training, NeRF is fed with sets of 2D images and their corresponding camera viewpoints. The network learns to
predict the radiance (color) and depth information for each point in the 3D scene that is visible in these images.

- Novel View Synthesis: One of the powerful capabilities of NeRF is its ability to synthesize novel views of the scene that were not part of the 
original dataset. Given a camera viewpoint, NeRF can generate a realistic image of what the scene would look like from that viewpoint. This is done by 
querying the learned 3D function at the appropriate 3D coordinates for the pixels in the target view.

- High-Quality Rendering: Because NeRF learns a continuous representation of the scene, it can produce high-quality renderings with realistic 
lighting and intricate details. This makes it suitable for applications like virtual reality, where realistic scene rendering is crucial.

- Applications: NeRF has found applications in various domains, including 3D scene reconstruction, augmented reality, virtual reality, and computer 
graphics. It allows for the creation of interactive and immersive experiences by enabling the realistic synthesis of 3D scenes from sparse 2D image 
data.

- Limitations: While NeRF is powerful, it does have some limitations. Training can be computationally expensive, especially for large scenes. It also 
requires a substantial amount of data to generalize well. Researchers have proposed extensions and improvements to address these challenges.

there is code for it on github [nerf pytorch](https://github.com/yenchenlin/nerf-pytorch)

there is an ugly tensorflow version as well. I believe that is the official version but obviously, I advice against it. [nerf tensorflow](https://github.com/bmild/nerf)


