---
layout: post
title: 'future plans for *Well Unsaid*'
date: '2023-08-25 14:49:00'
---

my classes have officially started this week and it has been a fun week. I am taking intro to philosophy for the 
second time *insert andy bernard relate meme* and taking my second semester of latin. 

I so think that two semesters of latin can be easily boiled down to a 20 minute reading in a blog post so I am working 
on that thorughout the semester and make a mega post towards the end of my semester (maybe finals week?) and you may 
be able to save yourself 2 looongg semesters of reading latin. 

A friend might be working on a semester long LLM capstone project and I am hoping to work with him on it to. I wonder
what Meta's LLama is and if we can create an end-to-end project with it. Hopefully it turns out good 🤞.

I am thinking of starting a nice car modification project which will look super duper cool I think. lets see how 
that turns out 

this is a layout of the things I wish to write about. could act as a public announcement and a checklist so i can stay
on it. 


### this week

- Taxes 
- Content Creation 
    - CPM is such a cool metric
- Car Mods 
    - I am thinking of sticking a huge screen in the middle of my car and make it my personal infotainment system. more
      details later
- what is up with the US admitting so many international students?? 

### towards the end of the semester

- Reading Latin 
- Philosophy 

### ongoing throughout the semester

- Distributed Systems 
- maybe some statistics that I find fun 
    - I have a really fun story about the 'Arbuthnot's Data on Births' dataset.
- drone algorithms
    - ugh someone make a pytorch version of the NeRF paper please. tensorflow is the worst. Google dev team should 
      learn from Meta (formerly facebook) dev team.
- LLM work maybe...?
- more random stuff

maybe one or two posts a week is the schedule I am thinking. one on the weekend and one in the middle of the week 
like wednesday or something. let me know if you the readers come across something interesting. my email is given down
there. I paid extra to get that fancy email so please utilize it 😉

