---
layout: post
title: 'Jan 24 update'
date: '2024-01-26 15:50:39'
---

Hello everyone. long time since I posted here. even the first 
month of this new exciting year has gone by so fast. a little 
update on my life

- first off, I wish well to everyone reading this. if I know you
personally, lets hang out more. If I don't, we can still talk :)
- started tweeting (yah nobody is calling it X unless they are 
noobs or journalists). also, posted some stuff on my instagram 
threads. IMO threads is getting a lot better with time. 
- getting into competetive programming this semester. 
- working on mainly three research papers/projects this semester. 
lets see which ones gets published. really hoping to submit one to 
NeurIPS.
- Actively applying for internships.
- Expecting to graduate by spring.
- cryptopals, protohackers, adventofcode, cs166, 6.1810. 
- guitar/singing lol. I am never making it public. maybe I'll have 
a secret url on this page that has all the embarassing shit I do.
- I think I am going to force myself to write 1000 words everyday.
  I learnt this from my fav comedian on how to become a better 
  writer. the only way to get good at writing is by writing lol.
  seems stupid advice but makes sense.
    + any topic of interest, anything that's on my mind, fiction
      book review, article review, lots of possibilities. today's
      thousand words are these lol. so don't get upset if it seems
      like I am filling up sentences with meaningless words.
- I am pretty sure that I am in better shape than I was in last 
year and would like to maintain this progress.
- give suggestions on how I should spend my summer.
- are these thousand words ? or do I blabber more ???
